c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\IdentityServer.dll.config
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\IdentityServer.dll
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\IdentityServer.pdb
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Data.dll
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Domain.dll
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\IdentityModel.Net45.dll
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\IdentityServer3.dll
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Data.pdb
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Domain.pdb
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\IdentityModel.Net45.pdb
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\IdentityServer3.pdb
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\IdentityServer3.xml
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\obj\Debug\IdentityServer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\obj\Debug\IdentityServer.dll
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\obj\Debug\IdentityServer.pdb
C:\Users\Vaider\Downloads\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\Vaider\Downloads\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\Vaider\Downloads\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\Vaider\Downloads\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\Vaider\Downloads\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\Vaider\Downloads\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\Vaider\Downloads\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\Vaider\Downloads\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\Vaider\Downloads\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\Vaider\Downloads\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\Vaider\Downloads\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\Vaider\Downloads\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\Vaider\Downloads\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\Vaider\Downloads\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\IdentityServer.dll.config
C:\Users\Vaider\Downloads\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\IdentityServer.dll
C:\Users\Vaider\Downloads\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\IdentityServer.pdb
C:\Users\Vaider\Downloads\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Vaider\Downloads\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Data.dll
C:\Users\Vaider\Downloads\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Domain.dll
C:\Users\Vaider\Downloads\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Vaider\Downloads\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Vaider\Downloads\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\IdentityModel.Net45.dll
C:\Users\Vaider\Downloads\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\IdentityServer3.dll
C:\Users\Vaider\Downloads\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
C:\Users\Vaider\Downloads\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
C:\Users\Vaider\Downloads\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
C:\Users\Vaider\Downloads\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
C:\Users\Vaider\Downloads\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
C:\Users\Vaider\Downloads\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
C:\Users\Vaider\Downloads\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
C:\Users\Vaider\Downloads\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\Vaider\Downloads\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Vaider\Downloads\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Vaider\Downloads\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\Vaider\Downloads\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Vaider\Downloads\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\Vaider\Downloads\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\Vaider\Downloads\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\Vaider\Downloads\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\Vaider\Downloads\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\Vaider\Downloads\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\Vaider\Downloads\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Vaider\Downloads\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\Vaider\Downloads\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Vaider\Downloads\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Vaider\Downloads\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\Vaider\Downloads\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Vaider\Downloads\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Vaider\Downloads\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Vaider\Downloads\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Vaider\Downloads\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Vaider\Downloads\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Vaider\Downloads\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Vaider\Downloads\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Vaider\Downloads\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Data.pdb
C:\Users\Vaider\Downloads\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Domain.pdb
C:\Users\Vaider\Downloads\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\IdentityModel.Net45.pdb
C:\Users\Vaider\Downloads\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\IdentityServer3.pdb
C:\Users\Vaider\Downloads\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\IdentityServer3.xml
C:\Users\Vaider\Downloads\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\Users\Vaider\Downloads\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
C:\Users\Vaider\Downloads\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
C:\Users\Vaider\Downloads\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
C:\Users\Vaider\Downloads\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
C:\Users\Vaider\Downloads\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\Vaider\Downloads\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Vaider\Downloads\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\Vaider\Downloads\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\Vaider\Downloads\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Vaider\Downloads\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Vaider\Downloads\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Vaider\Downloads\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\Vaider\Downloads\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Vaider\Downloads\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Vaider\Downloads\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Vaider\Downloads\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Vaider\Downloads\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\Vaider\Downloads\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Vaider\Downloads\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Vaider\Downloads\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\Vaider\Downloads\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Vaider\Downloads\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Vaider\Downloads\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\Vaider\Downloads\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\Vaider\Downloads\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Vaider\Downloads\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\Vaider\Downloads\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\Vaider\Downloads\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\Vaider\Downloads\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\obj\Debug\IdentityServer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Vaider\Downloads\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\obj\Debug\IdentityServer.dll
C:\Users\Vaider\Downloads\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\obj\Debug\IdentityServer.pdb
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\IdentityServer.dll.config
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\IdentityServer.dll
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\IdentityServer.pdb
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Data.dll
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Domain.dll
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\EntityFramework.dll
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\IdentityModel.Net45.dll
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\IdentityServer3.dll
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Owin.dll
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\WebGrease.dll
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Data.pdb
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Domain.pdb
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\IdentityModel.Net45.pdb
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\IdentityServer3.pdb
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\IdentityServer3.xml
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\EntityFramework.xml
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\obj\Debug\IdentityServer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\obj\Debug\IdentityServer.dll
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\obj\Debug\IdentityServer.pdb
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Service.dll
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\ServicePattern.dll
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\ServicePattern.pdb
A:\4ERP-BI4\PI-MAP\pi\TestIdentity\IdentityServer\bin\Service.pdb
